Sprint 6 Planning:
We met on Thursday 4/13 at 12pm to plan for sprint 6. This sprint will be dedicated to the generators and their
tests, gelcap recipes and recipe tests, creating the inspector tests, and updating the gelcap factory. Sashe is
our overseer for this sprint, and the subteams are split evenly (2 and 2). We all agreed that having an overseer
is helpful to the process and keeping things organized. We have also split the teams work so that one team will 
update a class, and the other will update the corresponding test in order to double check each others' work. Sprint
6 will be over next Thursday 4/20, and we plan to meet again at 12pm to tie up any loose ends and get started on 
sprint 7.

Sprint 6 Backlog:
> Create Inspector Tests
> Update 6 Generator Classes
> Update Generator Tests
> Update GelCapRecipes
> Update GelCapRecipe Tests
> Update GelCapFactory 
> Update GelCapFactory Test

Overseer: Sashe Nikolov
Subteam 1: Hannah Boulet & Tayo Olofintuyi
Subteam 2: Collin Streitman & Ella Fulton

Overseer task:
> Update CasingGenerator, SolutionGenerator, Active Generator

Subteam 1 backlog tasks:
> Update Generator Tests
> Update GelCapRecipes
> Update GelCapFactory Test

Subteam 2 backlog tasks:
> Create Inspector Tests
> Update 6 Generator Classes
> Update GelCapRecipe Tests
> Update GelCapFactory 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

END OF SPRINT:

Sprint Review:

Sprint Retrospective:
     What went well?
     What could have gone better?
     What will we try next?
     What Questions do we have?

Ella:
     What went well?
        -> We adapted very well to problems during this sprint, our overseer (Sashe) did a great job
            helping everyone with anything they got stuck on, and we met to help each other with two
            of the test classes that had issues. 
     What could have gone better?
        -> Persionally, probably putting more effort into java docs. 
     What will we try next?
        -> Buffing up my javadocs and maybe going back to make them really well written in other classes. 
     What Questions do we have?
        -> None currently!

Hannah:
     What went well?
          -> We are super organized with our google doc with each sprint layed out in a checkbox style for the backlogged items. 
               We keep track of eachother and help eachother when we have questions.
     What could have gone better?
          -> improve our javadocs even more!
     What will we try next?
          -> I personally will make sure to keep up with checkstyle since I keep forgetting. 
     What Questions do we have?
          -> None from me!

Tayo:
     What went well? 
        -> We were super organized and had a good time getting our things done. We kept track 
            with a google doc that we all had access to which made it easier to see what others 
            were working on and see what was left.
     What could have gone better? 
        -> This isn't something that we can prevent but one of our members had a family 
            emergency which meant that he will not be available during a significant portion 
            of the project. Luckily he had already done his part of the sprint.
     What will we try next? 
        -> We will rearrange the tasks to take the pressure of Collin while still getting 
            things done. We'll still make to run make check and make test before each pull 
            request and hold each other accountable to ensure the quality of our work.
     What Questions do we have? 
        -> How can we make sure to be flexible in our planning when situations change.

Sashe:
     What went well? 
        -> Even though we had a group member leave for this sprint, we were able to adapt pretty 
            well. We didn't run into any major issues despite having trouble with code.
     What could have gone better? 
        -> We noticed some code got switched around and we didn't notice until we ran into some 
            issues. We should try to check over code more frequently (perhaps have more than just 
            one person check).
     What will we try next? 
        -> Check over merged code more frequently.
     What Questions do we have? 
        -> None for now.

Collin:
      What went well?
         I was absent for most of this sprint, however, I am grateful of my group and how they 
            picked up the work during my absence. They worked really well together and kept me updated
            by continuing the communicate in the Discord chat. 
      What could have gone better?
         Make more consistent and correct JavaDocs for this assignment; even though they look great. 
      What will we try next?
         We will check over our merged code more frequently and to really take the time to evaluate 
            each pull request more intensely; but not because there is a problem with our pulling and merging
            but more because in the real world, pull requests are super important to review more.
      What Questions do we have?
         No question for now. 

